test(app): add smoke test (#541)
NethermindEth/pluto: test-infra/compose/README.md

2. **lock** (`Lock`): writes a `docker-compose.yml` that runs `create cluster` or `dkg`.
3. **run** (`Run`): writes a `docker-compose.yml` that runs the cluster.

`Auto` (see `auto.go`) chains define → lock → run and runs `docker compose up`; it is what
the tests call after writing a config with `WriteConfig`.

## Node implementations

Each node runs either charon or pluto, assigned round-robin from a scenario's `NodeImpls`
config (empty defaults to all charon):

- Charon nodes run `obolnetwork/charon:{tag}` (smoke pins `v1.7.1`; the default config
uses `latest`). Set the tag to `local` to build from `CHARON_REPO`.
- Pluto nodes run `pluto:{tag}` (default `local`), built automatically from the repo
root `Dockerfile` during the define step. This requires the `PLUTO_REPO` env var
pointing at the pluto repo.
- `KeyGenImpl` selects which implementation runs the single-container keygen steps
(`create cluster` / `create dkg`); it defaults to node0's implementation.
- The relay always runs the charon node-base image.

Pluto accepts `CHARON_`* env vars and charon-compatible flags by design (CLI parity),
so the generated docker-compose.yml services are identical for both implementations

> apart from the image. All node roles are supported for both implementations: keygen

Reviewer: This is inaccurate: the `create` commands are currently missing `CHARON_*` env var support.

The test suite mentions this as a gap:
https://github.com/NethermindEth/pluto/blob/add04711d7ab97ea27f701aeb2c4bda974673087/test-infra/compose/config.go#L268-L271

I recommend adding support for them as part of this PR so we can drop this deviation.

# Pluto Compose

> Run, test, and debug a developer-focussed insecure local pluto/charon cluster using docker compose

> This is a port of charon's `[testutil/compose](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon/tree/main/testutil/compose)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an extension of charon's `[testutil/compose](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon/tree/main/testutil/compose)`
```

compose new --node-impls=pluto                 # all pluto
compose new --nodes=4 --node-impls=charon,charon,pluto,pluto  # 2 charon + 2 pluto
```

- Charon nodes run `obolnetwork/charon:{tag}` (default `latest`, or `local` built from
`CHARON_REPO` with `--build-local`).
- Pluto nodes run `pluto:{tag}` (default `local`), built automatically from the repo
root `Dockerfile` during the define step. This requires the `PLUTO_REPO` env var
pointing at the pluto repo.
- `--keygen-impl` selects which implementation runs the single-container keygen steps
(`create cluster` / `create dkg`); it defaults to node0's implementation.
- The relay always runs the charon node-base image.

Pluto accepts `CHARON_*` env vars and charon-compatible flags by design (CLI parity),
so the generated docker-compose.yml services are identical for both implementations
apart from the image. All node roles are supported for both implementations: keygen
(`create cluster`, `create dkg`, `dkg`) and `run`.

Implementation names are validated when configs are written and loaded; anything
other than `charon` or `pluto` is rejected.

## Usage Examples

Install the `compose` binary:

```
# From inside the pluto repo

> go install ./test-infra/compose/compose

Reviewer: This does not quite work on my machine. I have to do the following (`cwd` is the root of the project):

```suggestion
go -C test-infra/compose install ./compose
```

# If `which compose` fails, then fix your environment: `export PATH=$PATH:$(go env GOPATH)/bin`. Or see https://go.dev/doc/gopath_code
```

Create a pluto compose workspace folder:

```
cd /tmp
mkdir pluto-compose
cd pluto-compose
```

Create the default cluster:

```
export PLUTO_REPO=/path/to/pluto

> compose clean && compose new --node-impls=pluto && compose define && compose lock && compose run

Reviewer: `compose define` pulls the latest Charon docker image, not `v1.7.1`. Is this intended/correct?

Author: I removed the `compose` cli. This is not needed for smoke test
